text
Public Safety Medical recomends a Prostate exa, in 2 years
Met with -ABC- to discuss tobacco use and the long term effects of nicotine exposure.  She quit smoking in November 2011 with the help of an e-cigarette.  She was upset that she had to come to the meeting as part of her qualifying health activities. We discussed challenges that she might face and ways to work through them.  I mentioned some of the long term affects associated with long term nicotine exposure.  She feels confident that she will be nicotine free by June.  She is participating in a tough mudder competition and wants to be finished using her e-cigarette at that time.  Because she is highly motivated, she felt that she didn't need further follow ups.  She knows that she can contact the center for resources and help if she needs them.  
Called participant to discuss quitting smoking.  He has been smoking for 35+ years and is not interested at this time in quitting.  He isn't even working on attempting to quit.  He does understand that tobacco and nicotine use has a negative impact on his health, but overall he feels fine.  He works closely with his doctor, so he understands the risks.  His doctor has even stopped asking him about quitting smoking at this point.  I did mention that NRT medication have a $0 copay and gave him the contact number for WellDyne just in case.  He did not welcome a follow up coaching session.  
•	Asked if he needs any assistance with care coordination or health education? no. happy with care at this point. lots of resources in the health field: daughter is health nut and she stays on his case.  His PCP is his bro-in-law, who follows his blood sugars, an endocrinologist who travels the world, specialist in diabetes. Sister owns diabetic care facility. Sisters are nurses. Another sister is CEO of Advantage Health in Indpls.
Met with member to discuss results of biometric data provided by Public Safety Medical.  Results had already been reviewed, so he didn't have any areas of concern.  He is in good health, works out often, and eats a healthy diet.  He goes on group runs with the firefighters on shift days before the day starts--at 5am.  We also discussed the QHA's and what needs to be completed so that he will stay on the gold plan for 2013.  He did not want to have additional coaching at this time.  I provided my contact information so he could get a hold of me if he had issues in the future.  
Met with member to discuss biometric results from PSM.  PSM has reviewed results with him, and he did not have questions or concerns related to numbers. Overall he is healthy, knows what he needs to eat to maintain healthy cholesterol levels.  He is just looking to get back into his exercise routine after having some health issues.  He started back with light walking and some jogging.  He likes to be active at least 4-5 days a week.  No challenges for him now that his body is recovering.  He did not want to participate in follow up coaching at this time.  Reviewed QHAs and what he needed to have completed by 9/28/12 to stay on the gold plan for 2013.  While at the meeting, we got him signed up to myLearning center and he completed his HRA.  He didn't have a computer at home. 
R/C Barbara after she had a wellness exam per Q3 Healthy Rewards.  States BP elev; adj meds.  Also had routine mammogram; ? area both breasts planning repeat mammo & US 08/01. Asked her to please keep me posted.
called member to discuss tobacco use.  He is wanting to quit and knows all the effects of chewing tobacco.  He has cut back already.  He started using chew when he was playing baseball.  He plays for franklin college, so a lot of his friends also do it.  We talked about using alternatives and also contacting his doctor to get some free NRT.  Discussed the options available!  He didn't think his schedule would allow for future scheduled calls, so he mentioned that he would contact me if he wanted or needed further assistance.